Add Staking Apps Page (#5294)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-staking-apps.md

---
id: learn-staking-apps
title: Polkadot Staking Apps
sidebar_label: Staking Apps
description: Staking Apps in the Polkadot Ecosystem.
keywords: [staking, stake, nominate, nominating, NPoS, staking dashboard]
slug: ../learn-staking-apps
---

:::info Community Page

> This is a community page. Feel free to submit a PR for review to add you staking app to this page
> following the example below about the Polkadot Staking Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page is open to contributions from the community. Please follow the [Wiki contribution guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki#contributing-to-documentation) and add your Staking app to this page.
```

[Polkadot Vault](../general/polkadot-vault.md),
[Subwallet](../general/wallets-and-extensions.md#subwallet),
[Talisman](../general/wallets-and-extensions.md#talisman), etc.

### Staking Dashboard Video tutorials

<tr class="cards-container">
  <td>
    <a class="guide-link" href="https://youtu.be/F59N3YKYCRs?feature=shared">  
      <img class="guide-image" src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/F59N3YKYCRs/0.jpg" alt="Drawing" width="250" height="150"/>
              <div class="cards-body">
                  <h5 class="cards-title">Nominate</h5>
              </div>
    </a>
  </td>
  <td>
    <a class="guide-link" href="https://youtu.be/dDIG7QAApig?feature=shared">  
      <img class="guide-image" src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/dDIG7QAApig/0.jpg" alt="Drawing" width="250" height="150"/>
              <div class="cards-body">
                  <h5 class="cards-title">Join a Nomination Pool</h5>
              </div>
    </a>
  </td>
  <td>
  <a class="guide-link" href="https://youtu.be/hvXLc4H7rA4?feature=shared">  
    <img class="guide-image" src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/hvXLc4H7rA4/0.jpg" alt="Drawing" width="250" height="150"/>
            <div class="cards-body">

>                 <h5 class="cards-title">Staking Dashbaord Walkthrough</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <h5 class="cards-title">Staking Dashboard Walkthrough</h5>
```
